1 月 5 日填空真题
14-3. Mr. Stevens found that home schooling, far from representing (i) philosophy, (ii)
some of the most widely accepted education ideas: that children should be treated as individuals, taught in small numbers, and given a measure of discretion over their own learning. Blank(i) Blank(ii)
A. a benign D. overcomes
B. an orthodox E. embodies
C. an anomalous F. anticipates
2-2. Among the Meakambut people of Papua New Guinea, legends are associated with specific
caves in the Sepik region, and these legends are : only the cave owner can share its secrets. A. impenetrable
B. immutable
C. proprietary
D. didactic
E. self-perpetuating
2-4. Fears that the recent sharp rise in oil prices is an indication that oil is running out appear to be
(i) . The Middle East still contains vast oil supplies. Furthermore, even if new oil finds
elsewhere have been (ii) than in the past, substantial quantities of oil can be profitably
stripped from tar and shale. Blank(i) Blank(ii)
A. contagious D. less frequent
B. unfounded E. more accessible
C. sagacious F. less publicized
37-6. With the emergence of scientific history-writing in the late nineteenth century, several
authors sought to ignore the glowing myths surrounding George Washington and uncover the
human being within, but their biographies were still (i) enough that Washington remained a
marbled and remote figure. Indeed, by the 1920s Washington has become such (ii) personage
that inevitably someone had to go to the other extreme and try to (iii) the legend. Blank(i) Blank(ii) Blank(iii)
A. ponderous D. a deified G. debunk
B. empirical E. an ignored H. aggrandize
C. laudatory F. a misunderstood I. reproduce
65-8. One of the peculiarities of humans is that we irrationally gravitate to the predictable and
avoid risk, whatever the reasons for this , it is hardly a sound basis for dealing with complex, long-term problems. A. eccentricity
B. predilection
C. vacillation
D. proclivity
E. wavering
F. cowardice
9-8. In their quest for kinder cutting, physicians increasingly rely on endoscopic surgery, replacing large scalpels and clamps with cameras and tools that snake into the body
through tiny holes. A. flexibility
B. rigidity
C. magnitude
D. suppleness
E. enormity
F. precision
84-3. Britain's Queen Victoria, however (i) she had been at the beginning of her
reign, was politically much more (ii) by the end of her time on the throne, as she resigned
herself to the emergence of an increasing powerful electorate that prevented her from stubbornly
insisting on getting her own way in matters of state. Blank(i) Blank(ii)
A. naïve D. powerful
B. personable E. arbitrary
C. obdurate F. malleable


1 月 20 日填空真题
58-10. Although scientific progress leads to constant revision of ideas, one observation that has
remained over the years is that there are a lot of insects in the world: some 950,000 species
have been identified. A. robust
B. significant
C. strong
D. perplexing
E. confounding
F. obscure
39-6. Although Thaler employs an innovative mode of analysis, his study offers yet another
examination of quite (i) ground-namely, the culture ideology of Norwegian-American
preservationist writers in the early twentieth century. The history, literature, and changing internal
dynamics of the Norwegian subculture in America constitute a particularly well-studied area. Anyone familiar with the authoritative work of scholars in the field will (ii) little in Thaler's
study that is (iii) . Blank(i) Blank(ii) Blank(iii)
A. unfamiliar D. find G. accurate
B. well-worked E. understand H. new
C. fruitful F. reveal I. recognizable
15-4. He was never (i) ; he was nothing if not (ii) , so he forbore for the present to
declare his passion. Blank(i) Blank(ii)
A. chivalrous D. boorish
B. impetuous E. circumspect
C. thoughtful F. spontaneous
58-3. Recent scholarship has questioned the (i) of tropical forests around the world. Archaeologists have shown, for example, that the largest contiguous tract of what was thought to
be virgin rain forest in the southern Amazon had been transformed into a cultural parkland before
European contact, and many of the forest islands in West Africa's savanna forest transition zone
are (ii) as well. Blank(i) Blank(ii)
A. diversity D. isolated
B. naturalness E. endangered
C. sustainability F. anthropogenic
27-3. Although movie critic Pauline Kael had a distaste for sycophancy, she also had a need for
(i) ; as a consequence of these competing feelings, she sent very (ii)
signals to friends and colleagues. Blank(i) Blank(ii)
A. solitude D. direct
B. obeisance E. subtle
C. clarity F. mixed
80-2. Even though the authors repeatedly the own shrewdness, they show a remarkable
credulousness toward far-fetched ideas such as carbon-eating trees and cloud-making machinery. A. soft-pedal
B. extol
C. deprecate
D. broaden
E. compromise
103-8. Matsui is an extremely political tactician, as she generally will withhold her support
for a political faction or a policy until she is confident it will prevail. A. successful
B. dogmatic
C. shrewd
D. flexible
E. canny
F. rigid
36-10. Titan, Saturn's largest moon, looks surprisingly , even though it is a cold, dimly lit
world made from unknown materials. A. habitable
B. familiar
C. forbidding
D. placid
E. daunting
F. Recognizable


1 月填空答案
1 月 5 日：
2-2.C
2-4.BD
37-6. CDG
65-8.BD
9-8.AD
84-3.CF
1 月 20 日：
58-10.AC
39-6.BDH
15-4.BE
58-3.BF
27-3.BF
80-2.B
103-8.CE
36-10.BF


1
2 月 2 日填空真题
59-10. For all the the new CEO has received from the press recently, her staff have a
decidedly less rosy view of her. A. encomiums
B. tributes
C. evaluations
D. critiques
E. attention
F. Publicity
68-6. Although political events in different countries were not (i) in the nineteen century, their interrelationship was (ii) compared with the present, when interdependence has become
far greater: (iii) has ceased to be an option. Blank(i) Blank(ii) Blank(iii)
A. unconnected D. conditional G. isolationism
B. trivial E. superficial H. resilience
C. simultaneous F. transparent I. idealism
49-3. The genius of the scientific method is that it (i) the dictum of Aristotle that the goal
of science is knowledge of the ultimate cause of things. True science, we now know, advances
human knowledge by (ii) ultimate causes and focusing instead on the testing of empirical
hypotheses. Blank(i) Blank(ii)
A. qualifies D. ignoring
B. jettisons E. predicting
C. affirms F. confirming
104-2. Paintings created in India during the Mughal dynasty were in ambition but
ornamental in presentation: in one direction they have an affinity with newspaper photographs, while in the other they have the intricacy of jewels. A. metaphorical
B. documentary
C. aesthetic
D. sectarian
E. baroque
9-5. Just because, as a photographer, Friedlander (i) places that most people consider ugly
2
does not mean that he is out to prove they are beautiful. Instead, his work suggests that the
photographer simply cannot ignore so much of the built American landscape but is obligated to (ii)
what we pass through day in and day out, regardless of (iii) . Blank(i) Blank(ii) Blank(iii)
A. tends to avoid D. document G. authenticity
B. is harshly critical of E. emulate H. truthfulness
C. is interested in F. discredit I. aesthetics
35-6. Most capuchin monkey conflict involves such a (i) repertoire of gestural and vocal
signals that it is difficult for researchers to tease apart the meanings of the individual signals. This
(ii) is (iii) by the fact that many signals seem to shift in meaning according to the
context in which they are produced and the developmental stage of the individuals producing
them. Blank(i) Blank(ii) Blank(iii)
A. precise D. problem G. augmented
B. rich E. opportunity H. ameliorated
C. straightforward F. oversight I. anticipated
68-10. There are many insights in the essay collected in Observations on modernity, but they are
embedded in a dense English translation of a dense German original that may make many of them
to most readers. A. vapid
B. inaccessible
C. sagacious
D. banal
E. distressing
F. opaque
61-5. The material covered in this article has been (i) in previous publications, and since
currently neglected areas remained unexplored, the article contains no (ii) . Blank(i) Blank(ii)
A. skirted D. revelations
B. scrutinized E. distortions
C. countered F. conclusions
39-9. Criticized for decades of overproduction in their signature line of derivative goods, Rectangle Record has satiated the market with a of repackaged old CDs, which interferes
3
with its ability to innovate and produce new albums. A. dearth
B. glut
C. deficiency
D. surfeit
E. abundance
F. profusion
56-9. It's a sign of John Dramani Mahama's maturity as a writer that he is willing to consider his
country's future so : his memoir is appealingly honest, given to clear-eyed assessments rather
than exaggerated accounts of achievements. A. cheerfully
B. dispassionately
C. insightfully
D. evocatively
E. analytically
F. blithely
77-9. A formal floods resulting from usual monsoon rainfall are the growth of plants, recently there has been an increase in the frequency of highly intensified floods that do not have
such welcome effects. A. conducive to
B. hindered by
C. devastating for
D. deleterious to
E. essential for
F. indispensable to
92-6. The difficulty for nineteenth-century advocates of the claim that forests helped regulate
climate was that their argument (i) historical anecdote and observations. Proving the
forest-climate link through verifiable and experimental scientific means rather than observation
was (ii) for these individuals, a situation that eventually led to the link (iii) justifications
for forest conservation. Blank(i) Blank(ii) Blank(iii)
A. lacked D. problematic G. being revived in
B. discounted E. unnecessary H. dropping out of
C. employed F. straightforward I. losing out to

1
2 月填空答案
59-10.AB
68-6.AEG
49-3.BD
104-2.B
9-5.CDI
35-6.BDG
68-10.BF
61-5.BD
39-9.BD
56-9.CE
77-9.EF
92-6.CDH



1
3 月 4 日填空真题
26-5. Compared to Earth over most of its 4 to 6-billion-year history, the world we live in today is
quite (i) . Of course, it is human nature to regard the world that we are used to as (ii) . The oceans, prairies, and mountain chains—even the air we breathe—seem the norm and therefore
(iii) . Blank(i) Blank(ii) Blank(iii)
A. bountiful D. invaluable G. eternal
B. atypical E. permanent H. precious
C. stable F. corrupted I. endangered
101-2. Notwithstanding a lack of , nineteenth-century anthologies such as Evert and
George Duyckinck's Cyclopaedia of American Literature represents serious attempts to collect the
national writings up to that point as a way of establishing the viability of American letters. A. bias
B. earnestness
C. rigor
D. ambition
E. ambiguity
104-9. Shifting Fortunes takes a conventional approach to American union history by simply
explaining the reasons behind union growth and decline in the nineteenth and twentieth
century; it is a chronologically and thematically study and nothing more. A. complicated
B. taxing
C. circumscribed
D. onerous
E. confined
F. multifarious
67-4. Due to the extraordinary circumstances, British business owners found themselves in a (i)
position during the Second World War, forced to accept regular interference from government
and to acquiesce to (ii) role for labor unions in negotiating the terms and conditions of
employment. Blank(i) Blank(ii)
A. defensive D. a traditional
B. dominant E. an enhanced
C. customary F. a diminished
2
82-4. Historian Barbara Alpern Engel's task in writing a book about women in Russia must have
been a (i) one, because the (ii) the Russian empire's peoples meant that Russian women
could never be treated as a homogenous group. Blank(i) Blank(ii)
A. motivating D. unity among
B. boring E. disinterest in
C. daunting F. diversity of
58-7. His premiership, seemingly cast-iron year ago, is now so vulnerable that even a good day at
the office does no more than buy him a few weeks of from rebels within his own party. A. controversy
B. reproach
C. respite
D. relief
E. blame
F. deference
77-9. A formal floods resulting from usual monsoon rainfall are the growth of plants, recently there has been an increase in the frequency of highly intensified floods that do not have
such welcome effects. A. conducive to
B. hindered by
C. devastating for
D. deleterious to
E. essential for
F. indispensable to
56-2. His speaking style notwithstanding, William Perkins has long been seen as the
moderate face of his political party. A. genteel
B. mundane
C. affable
D. captivating
E. vehement
48-4. A hallmark of certain nineteenth-century mystery novels was the reform agenda of their
authors, who ostensibly sought to expose economic injustice while depicting the seamy underside
of urban life. In reality, however, these claims to a radical political agenda were often (i)
meant to give lurid thrillers the appearance of (ii) .
3
Blank(i) Blank(ii)
A. authentic D. escapist appeal
B. complicated E. high-minded purpose
C. disingenuous F. gripping suspense
106-2. Paul Robeson. Jr. wrote that his father was a flesh-and-blood artist whose accomplishments
made him susceptible to hagiographic treatment by potential biographers. Robeson's achievements
were real, and there was no need for . A. disclosure
B. hyperbole
C. retraction
D. muckraking
E. reticence
The governor might conceivably find a genuine resolution to the budgetary dilemma, but she may
be tempted to engage in a deception: a _____ exercise in fiscal prudence. A. rigorous
B. sparking
C. specious
D. blatant
E. Convincing


1
3 月 17 日填空真题
46-3. While in their consideration of the unique way athletics and academics are combined in
United States universities, Markovits and Rensmann do not (i) Gumbrecht's idealizing vision
of the compatibility of college athletics with the intellectual missions of institutions of higher
learning, neither do they regard college athletics as (ii) : they believe that big-time
sports have a rightful place in university life.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. fully endorse 	D. indispensable
B. intentionally recapitulate 	E. venal
C. entirely misconstrue 	F. profitable

6-8. There is a revelation on almost every page of this book, and the author's prose is
in the best possible way: blunt, sweet, off-kilter, and often quite funny.
A. eloquent
B. austere
C. somber
D. awkward
E. solemn
F. ungainly
16-6. Biologists have little (i) drawing the link between the success of humanity and human
(ii) . Indeed, many biologists claim that this attribute, the ability to (iii) , or, to put it
more sharply, to make individuals subordinate their self-interest to the needs of the group, lies at
the root of human achievement.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. consensus regarding 	D. resilience 	G. reflect
B. compunction about 	E. sociability 	H. communicate
C. justification for 	F . uniqueness 	I. cooperate

94-4. Just as large manufacturing companies with dominant positions in large domestic markets
were once able to resist (i) despite ample signs that foreign competition was rapidly
overtaking them, strong and wealthy states can (ii) and still manage to limp along for many
years.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. innovation 	D. exploit vulnerable markets
B. temptation 	E. dominate international affairs
C. inertia 	F. maintain misguided policies


2
38-1. Discussions of impending water shortages are often couched in apocalyptic rhetoric, yet if
the language is somewhat , the basic message is sound: water is indeed scarce and growing
scarcer.
A. abstract
B. complacent
C. ambiguous
D. unfamiliar
E. overblown
39-1. Reading chunks of Shapiro's verse in one sitting, it must be said, exposes the nature
of his writing: scads of poems are too glancing to strike a nerve, scarcely worth a second reading.
A. jejune
B. esoteric
C. corrosive
D. finicky
E. indiscreet
122-1. While the writer was best known for her much-ballyhooed , her impact reached far
beyond memorable quips.
A. pensiveness
B. drollness
C. stoicism
D. fastidiousness
E. congeniality
110-4. So, perhaps the lesson is that rather than wanting their monarchy to (i) its modernized
Scandinavian counterparts, the British public cherishes it most when it is most (ii) .
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. commend 	D. egalitarian
B. discount 	E. anachronistic
C. emulate 	F. regal


3
95-4. Regardless of the putative decline of (i) in contemporary culture, such (ii)
remains essential to civil discourse. It allows people to avoid embarrassing or maligning an
adversary, and it serves as a form of irony that draws attention to a problem that can scarcely be
exaggerated.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. understatement 	D. inventiveness
B. originality 	E. objectivity
C. partisanship 	F. restraint

89-9. Although the claim that no one knows what dark matter is remains , some scientists
dispute the parallel assertion that dark matter has not been detected.
A. contentious
B. sound
C. questionable
D. unassailable
E. unverifiable
F. prominent
53-8. Appearing in the midst of so many equivocal comments, this unambiguous statement,
whatever its intrinsic merit, plainly stands out as .
A. anomalous
B. arcane
C. irrelevant
D. superfluous
E. unusual
F. esoteric
95-8. As a way of the negative impacts of overdependence on a single export
product—crude oil, the Nigerian government passed legislation in 1999 intended to revitalize the
moribund solid minerals sector.
A. assuming
B. checking
C. disguising
D. stemming
E. downplaying
F. shouldering
4
37-7 Since the data we have analyzed are so , it would be hazardous to draw a definite
conclusion.
A. copious
B. overwhelming
C. abundant
D. meager
E. paltry
F. uncertain
95-5. Much of the newspapers readership found it hard to (i) the allegations of venality laid
against the superintendent, since these readers were still (ii) the superintendents’ reputation
for (iii) . The superintendents’ subsequent vindication will have come as no surprise to them.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. ignore 	D. swayed by 	G. grouchiness
B. credit 	E. unaware of 	H. probity
C. dismiss 	F. learning about 	I. creativity

Although she admitted that her airport expansion plan had recently collapsed, the governor (i)
_____ the significance of the failure, pointing out that competing economic development
proposals are now more (ii) _____.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. minimized 	D. tenuous
B. touted 	E. complicated
C. acknowledged 	F. important



1
3 月 30 日填空真题
78-7. Analysis for the structural feather that were thought to kinship between the two
species prompted an investigation that dispelled that presumption and revealed that the two share
a family history.
A. signify
B. underrate
C. point to
D. preclude
E. rule out
F. exaggerate
103-6. Since the 1920s, historical action writers in China have emancipated the genre from the
traditional notion that (i) was the ultimate goal of history writing. Yet the traditional
commitment to (ii) was not simply (iii) : this new genre was expected to capture the
essence of historical truth even as it allowed space for the writer's imagination.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. comprehensiveness 	D. veracity 	G. jettisoned
B. factuality 	E. thoroughness 	H. rationalized
C. entertainment 	F. pleasure 	I. acknowledged

122-1. While the writer was best known for her much-ballyhooed , her impact reached far
beyond memorable quips.
A. pensiveness
B. drollness
C. stoicism
D. fastidiousness
E. congeniality
55-8. Even before she went to art school, Veronica found the standard design categories : she
didn't understand why designing buildings and designing tables should require different
sensibilities.
A. provocative
B. limiting
C. stimulating
D. confusing
E. confining
F. exhilarating
2
29-4. Despite the abundance and importance of maize, its biological origin has been a
long-running mystery. The bright yellow, mouth-watering treat does not grow in the wild
anywhere on the planet, so its (i) is not at all (ii) .
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. utility 	D. helpful
B. popularity 	E. important
C. ancestry 	F. obvious

36-4. If newspaper consumers are concerned about more than (i) and prefer to read news that
is consistent with their beliefs, then (ii) is not a journalistic flaw, but, rather, a cultivated
feature. In a competitive news market, producers can use slant to differentiate their products and
stave off price competition.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. politics 	D. bias
B. accuracy 	E. sensationalism
C. expense 	F. inconsistency

59-9. The author engages this issue from diverse perspectives, supports his arguments with many
examples, and manages to avoid antagonizing others in dealing with a very
subject.
A. contentious
B. pedestrian
C. controversial
D. perplexing
E. mundane
F. intriguing
98-8. To call Kermode the finest English critic of his generation would be a compliment,
since not many of its population are professionally engaged in literary criticism.
A. sincere
B. backhanded
C. paltry
D. heartfelt
E. meager
F. plausible
3
24-7. Although legislators on both sides of issues have repeatedly a desire to find a middle
ground, until now no acceptable compromise has been achieved.
A. discussed
B. proclaimed
C. professed
D. rejected
E. disowned
F. betrayed
58-1. Though many avant-garde writers traditional distinctions among literary categories,
combining elements of biography and fiction, prose and poetry, this fusion of forms has been slow
to catch on with publishers.
A. flout
B. presuppose
C. exploit
D. imitate
E. illuminate
70-2. To criticize a disaster film for being is a bit silly, since people do not go to disaster
movies to see an honest portrayed of reality.
A. expensive
B. harrowing
C. derivative
D. convoluted
E. implausible
57-6. The slow pace of job creation was without precedent for the period of recovery from a
recession, but the conditions that conspired to cause the recession were also (i) . The stock
market declined sharply, and rampant business investment slumped. Then an ensuing spate of
scandals (ii) public trust in the way companies were run. And yet, despite these powerful (iii)
to growth, the recession proved surprisingly mild.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. heartening 	D. weakened 	G. counterforces
B. atypical 	E. illuminated 	H. stimulants
C. ambiguous 	F. consolidated 	I. concomitants


4
65-6. China's rapidly growing population is the main threat facing large carnivores in the People's
Republic. Increasingly, policies aimed at limiting population growth have been(i) ;
nevertheless, the country's vast size and the isolation of many of its regions mean that human
populations in areas where large carnivores still occur (ii) . This human pressure has (iii)
the South China tiger.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. modified 	D. could start to decline 	G. celebrated
B. deemphasized 	E. can grow unchecked 	H. doomed
C. implemented 	F. have stabilized 	I. bypassed

Despite the _____ of medical information available through e-mail, the Internet, and mobile
devices, not many patients are taking advantage of the potential of electronic communications for
health-related needs.
A. wealth
B. complexity
C. intricacy
D. profusion
E. resurgence
F. overload


1
3 月 4 日填空答案
26-5.BEG
101-2.C
104-9.CE
67-4.AE
82-4.CF
58-7.CD
77-9.EF
56-2.E
48-4.CE
106-2.B
3 月 17 日填空答案
46-3.AE
6-8.DF
16-6.BEI
94-4.AF
38-1.E
39-1.A
122-1.B
110-4.CE
95-4.AF
89-9.BD
53-8.AE
95-8.BD
37-7.DE
95-5.BDH
3 月 30 日填空答案
78-7.DE
103-6.BDG
122-1.B
55-8.BE
29-4.CF
36-4.BD
59-9.AC
98-8.CE
24-7.BC
58-1.A
70-2.E
57-6.BDG
65-6.CEH



1
4 月 14 日填空真题
49-4. The author of this political history text shows considerable bias against the political party
when assigning credit or blame for its actions: he deems (i) what he favors and avoids
what he (ii) .
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. pertinent 	D. condemns
B. inevitable 	E. condones
C. divided 	F. ignores

29-1. Needing an advocate who would be both precise and succinct, they rejected McLintock,
whose inveterate would automatically preclude meeting those requirements.
A. punctiliousness
B. concision
C. cautiousness
D. imperturbability
E. prolixity
90-5. The perennial problem for critics of nineteenth-century novelist Charlotte Yonge is the
relationship of her realism to her (i) . While admiring her complex psychological portraits and
detailed descriptions of quotidian family life, readers since her own time have tended to fault her
improbable manipulation of plot to teach a moral lesson. Indeed, many critics (ii) her
because of her willingness to (iii) .
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. pessimism 	D. dismiss 	G. squander suspense
B. didacticism 	E. applaud 	H. sacrifice credibility
C. eclecticism 	F. underestimate 	I. deflate pretension

95-6. Persian prose writers from the second half of the twelfth century onward were
characteristically (i) the literary form of their works, a fact that some scholars have
perceived as a derogation of those works content. It may be better interpreted as (ii)
the development of an awareness of authorship, for the awareness of authorship (iii) the
awareness of form.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. ambivalent about 	D. a retreat from 	G. evolves through
B. indifferent to 	E. an indication of 	H. extends beyond
C. preoccupied with 	F. a justification for 	I. holds back


2
118-1. He defended the government's equivocations regarding the mysterious contrail as resulting
not from as critics say, but from a benightedness about its own doings that is almost
inevitable, given the multitudinous- ness of its agencies.
A. obtuseness
B. mendacity
C. abnegation
D. guilelessness
E. trenchancy
1-4. The author suggests that cinema archives should become more like museums, justifying their
existence by selecting, grouping and commenting on important films. By thus (i) films,
archives would not only serve as repositories but would provide (ii) as well.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. improving 	D. conservation
B. restoring 	E. education
C. interpreting 	F. income

33-10. The initial, widely shared pessimism turned out to be , because it ignored the many
things that could be done with resources left behind.
A. unintelligible
B. unfathomable
C. unfounded
D. unimaginative
E. unjustified
F. unimportant
7-7. The beauty of the scientific approach is that even when individual researchers do _____ bias
or partiality, others can correct them using a framework of evidence on which everyone broadly
agrees.
A. overreact to
B. deviate from
C. succumb to
D. recoil from
E. yield to
F. shrink from
85-5. When a new scientific model emerges, research studies (i) that paradigm tend to
dominate in the scientific literature: the process of selecting articles for publication is tilted
3
towards positive results. But because the paradigm (ii) , the academic incentives shift in the
opposite direction: research results are more considered worthy publication when they (iii)
what has become the established view.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. tweaking 	D. is initially articulated 	G. bolster
B. affirming 	E. has become entrenched 	H. circumvent
C. controverting 	F. is about to be attacked 	I. undermine

122-4. Argument may be an overly (i) word to apply to the gossamer contrivance that is A
Summer of Hummingbirds. In what seems a self-conscious (ii) of its mascot the book flits
from one subject or moment in history to another, following the various whims of its author.
Blank (i) 	Blank (ii)
A. archaic 	D. repudiation
B. imprecise 	E. emulation
C. robust 	F. misrepresentation

7-5. The skin of the poison dart frog contains deadly poisons called batrachotoxins. But the (i)
of the toxins has remained an enigma, as the frog does not (ii) them. Now an analysis
suggests that the melyrid beetle is the source. Collected beetle specimens all contained
batrachotoxins, suggesting that these beetles are (iii) by the frogs.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. effect 	D. pressure 	G. eaten
B. origin 	E. produce 	H. neutralized
C. purpose 	F. suffer from 	I. poisoned

38-7. Though it may seem as if more than a century of has made the electrical grid an allencompassing web connecting the whole of the continent, many vast and beautiful areas remain
without power.
A. refinement
B. expansion
C. ubiquity
D. augmentation
E. omnipresence
F. isolation


1
4 月 28 日填空真题
68-4. Until the advent of film, commercial entertainment in England occurred only where
concentrated urban populations provided audiences large enough to make it remunerative: theaters
and music halls were (i) in rural villages. But village cinemas quickly become (ii) ,
even though they were ramshackle affairs in comparison to the urban picture palaces.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. spartan 	D. commonplace
B. conceivable 	E. sophisticated
C. profitable 	F. unfashionable

63-1. Few studies have been published on ground-squirrel dispersal, and most of them have
involved very small sample sizes, thus most statement regarding ground-squirrel dispersal must be
considered .
A. invaluable
B. unexceptional
C. inveterate
D. routine
E. conjectural
93-2. The idea of a “language instinct” may seem to those who think of language as the
zenith of the human intellect and of instincts as brute impulses.
A. jarring
B. plausible
C. gratifying
D. inevitable
E. conciliatory
35-3. The virtual absence of cougars from late prehistoric faunas in the North American Great
Basin (i) a general scarcity of carnivores from these sites: bobcats, coyotes, and badgers
are routinely found, and even such historically (ii) carnivores as bears and wolves are found
as well.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. largely parallels 	D. widespread
B. does not reflect 	E. rare
C. is a consequence of 	F. representative


2
52-1. Many readers today consider the moral sentiments expressed in the ancient writers' work to
be quite vapid, and in the seventeenth century they were similarly regarded as .
A. jejune
B. didactic
C. dogmatic
D. tendentious
E. arcane
31-1. Though the volume of radioactive waste produced by nuclear power plants is , the
problem of how to dispose of that waste is not: rather, it is of major importance.
A. unmanageable
B. troubling
C. significant
D. small
E. deceptive
85-2. Many creative photographers were delighted to find in instant photography a mode that
encouraged them to stop viewing photography as and start viewing it as something they
could handle with spontaneity, even derision.
A. sacrosanct
B. ephemeral
C. malleable
D. egalitarian
E. autonomous
110-5. His new role gives the normally clownish actor a chance to impress audiences with his (i)
. He is among the most uninhibited comic performers around, but here he buttons his lip and
stares straight ahead. Perhaps without quite knowing it, the audience waits for a wink, a hint
that some of the (ii) spirit that animated his previous movies might be lurking
inside the (iii) manner he presents in this film.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. raillery 	D. madcap 	G. facetious
B. effusiveness 	E. lugubrious 	H. reserved
C. forbearance 	F. edifying 	I. beguiling


3
20-4. She was never (i) ; she was nothing if not discreet, so she (ii) for the present to
declare her passion.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. precipitate 	D. pretended
B. tactful 	E. decided
C. thoughtful 	F. forbore

57-2. The paleontologist examined the problem afresh, believing that the accepted classification
the essential continuity of the specimens by making specious distinctions among them.
A. disproved
B. belied
C. conflated
D. divulged
E. relaxed
59-7. A cure for the common cold has been so elusive that it has become a modern symbol
of .
A. danger
B. futility
C. unease
D. pointlessness
E. sloth
F. apathy
20-3. Scholars have marveled over the (i) that Shakespeare displays in his works, noting
that such broad learning is all the more remarkable given that books were relatively (ii) in
Shakespeare's time.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. meticulousness 	D. edifying
B. humor 	E. scarce
C. erudition 	F. inexpensive

13-9. Despite her rather choices, Moreland was neither a rebellious spirit nor someone who
saw herself as anything out of the ordinary.
A. unconventional
B. impractical
C. quirky
4
D. flamboyant
E. successful
F. lucrative
51-4. Invention was (i) the work of the ancient Greek historians, whose writings were filled
with long and often purely fictitious speeches by great historical figures. The animating force in
historical writing was rhetoric rather than (ii) . Even well into the eighteenth century, not a
few historians continued to understand themselves as artists, given a license to invent.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. discouraged in 	D. eloquence
B. a hallmark of 	E. evidence
C. exceptional in 	F. imagination

48-1. With the numerous opponents of the controversial new taxation measure in such a fury,
anyone who publicly advocated the measure did not fail to meet with usage.
A. politic
B. severe
C. sober
D. respectful
E. dejected
31-1. Though the volume of radioactive waste produced by nuclear power plants is , the
problem of how to dispose of that waste is not: rather, it is of major importance.
A. unmanageable
B. troubling
C. significant
D. small
E. deceptive
58-7. His premiership, seemingly cast-iron year ago, is now so vulnerable that even a good day at
the office does no more than buy him a few weeks of from rebels within his own party.
A. controversy
B. reproach
C. respite
D. relief
E. blame
F. deference


4.14 填空答案
49-4.BD
29-1.E
90-5.BDH
95-6.CEG
118-1.B
1-4.CE
33-10.CE
7-7.CE
85-5.BEI
122-4.CE
7-5.BEG
38-7.BD
4 月 28 日填空真题答案
68-4.AD
63-1.E
93-2.A
35-3.BE
52-1.A
31-1.D
85-2.A
110-5.CDH
20-4.AF
57-2.B
59-7.BD
20-3.CE
13-9.AC
51-4.BE
48-1.B
31-1.D
58-7.CD



1
5 月 13 日填空真题
90-1. The chairman, faced with the need to forge a consensus on a number of proposals,
acknowledged that it would be difficult to reconcile the push for a radical overhaul with the stance
of those who want change.
A. deliberate
B. indiscriminate
C. genuine
D. immediate
E. wholesale
40-3. In a sharp blow to his reputation as (i) leader, the evidence that the mayor has recently
been involved in malfeasance seems to be (ii) .
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. a partisan 	D. fabricated
B. an unsuccessful 	E. sound
C. an exemplary 	F. dubious

7-4. People frequently attempt to relieve their workplace frustrations via surreptitious comments
around the water cooler but would be better able to resolve their resentment if they were less (i)
about their problem and imitated a more (ii) dialogue.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. vexatious 	D. equitable
B. clandestine 	E. sincere
C. opportunistic 	F. open

14-1. In the last two hundreds years, the practice of archaeology has changed greatly, from
digging up ancient artifacts for use by wealthy individuals as art objects to analyzing the detritus
of everyday life in the laboratory, and thus from to data collection.
A. supposition
B. theorizing
C. fact-finding
D. treasure hunting
E. scientific discovery
51-3. The documentation of Earth's biodiversity is complicated by the (i) taxonomists. Those
experts in classifying species tent to be (ii) North American and Europe, whereas most of the
undocumented biodiversity is likely in the tropics.
2
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. uneven distribution of 	D. clustered in
B. theoretical commitments o 	E. oblivious to
C. professional rivalries among 	F. exported from

84-4. For decades, economic ideas have been (i) political purpose. Economists, for example,
have peddled their theories as a way of gaining public prominence or political appointment, while
politicians have (ii) economic doctrines as possible solutions to the nation's social problems.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. undermined by 	D. rejected
B. inspired by 	E. ignored
C. exploited for 	F. promoted

1-1. The identity of hominid remains found in a cave in the Altai Mountains was until
Paabo and his colleagues ended the speculation by showing that DNA sequences indicated the
bones belonged to Neanderthals.
A. extraneous
B. conjectural
C. improbable
D. demonstrable
E. consistent
36-5. There are two opposing theories about mountain formation and climate over the past 40
million years: either the surge of mountain building (i) the global cooling or vice versa. The
first of these two theories asserts that widespread mountain building cooled (ii)
mountains and climate. For example, mountain glaciers tent to be (iii) : once established, they
increase the reflectivity of the surface, thus lowering temperatures and allowing more ice to form.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. superseded 	D. disparity between 	G. unpredictable
B. halted 	E. feedback between 	H. static
C. caused 	F. complexity of 	I. self-perpetuating

30-5. Computers make it spectacularly easy to search for particular pieces of information in
downloaded texts. And doing research in this strategic, targeted manner can feel (i) . Instead
of (ii) the organizing logic of the book you are reading, you can approach the book with
your own questions and (iii) . You, not the author, are the master.
3
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. disorienting 	D. disregarding 	G. begin to discern the author's intent
B. humbling 	E. surrendering to 	H. glean precisely what you want from it
C. empowering 	F. imitating 	I. evaluate the book on its own terms

16-10. Despite their cultural and social significance, rapid growth, and widespread appear in
China, video games-unlike traditional media-have received attention from international
communication researches.
A. undue
B. scant
C. excessive
D. focused
E. limited
F. dwindling
56-7. Although the biography never explicitly assesses what role the dynamic between Mr.
Merrill's parents might have played in the development of his personality, the author offers plenty
of .
A. mystification
B. elucidation
C. speculation
D. reflection
E. obfuscation
F. conjecture


1
5 月 20 日填空真题
52-9. There is frequently a protracted time interval between the introduction of an innovative
musical composition and its public acceptance; the concert-going public often spurns the
in favor of the familiar for a prolonged period.
A. comprehensive
B. intricate
C. novel
D. original
E. intelligible
F. complex
13-9. Despite her rather choices, Moreland was neither a rebellious spirit nor someone
who saw herself as anything out of the ordinary.
A. unconventional
B. impractical
C. quirky
D. flamboyant
E. successful
F. lucrative
35-10. There are great in countries' greenhouse gas emissions, especially in per capita terms:
while the United States and China are similar in aggregate emissions, United States per capita
emissions are a huge multiple of China's.
A. distortions
B. disparities
C. fluctuations
D. advances
E. variances
F. vacillations
52-10. The concept of the Hellenistic period in ancient history has proved useful but also , with
scholars disagreeing on the dates when the period began and ended.
A. slippery
B. elusive
C. fruitless
D. deceptive
E. futile
F. compelling
2
21-5. Except for a few passages in the biography in which the subject's flaws are (i) , the
author's treatment of her subject is (ii) .
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. too harshly judged 	D. erudite
B. analyzed in depth 	E. judicious
C. frankly acknowledged 	F. acrimonious

8-4. Mr. Billington, at times, can be a (i) . For instance, he deplores the Royal Shakespeare
Company's eight-and-a-half hour version of Nicholas Nickelby, which many found (ii) .
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. naysayer 	D. perplexing
B. pushover 	E. unpredictable
C. braggart 	F. absorbing

32-3. In aquatic environments, the herbicide atrazine is more likely to (i) developing
amphibians when it is highly diluted than when it is much more concentrated, a new study
suggests. Although counterintuitive, the finding is (ii) some past research on atrazine and
studies showing that other hormonally active compounds are most damaging at trace
concentrations.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. supplant 	D. unanticipated given
B. kill 	E. consistent with
C. circumvent 	F. undiminished by

19-6. Given our species' increasing numbers and appetites—which are reflected in and
compounded by global climate change—even (i) species are likely to become endangered
within the foreseeable future. If we are to avoid a calamitous loss of biodiversity, according to
Golbe, we cannot simply let nature take its course. Ongoing conservation management is (ii) ,
as we have, in a sense, become nature, and the responsibilities that come with the role cannot
be(iii) .
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. exotic 	D. ineffective 	G. jettisoned
B. vulnerable 	E. obligatory 	H. assumed
C. now common 	F. promising 	I. contrived


3
64-2. Though humanitarian emergencies are frequent features of television news, such exposure
seldom the public, which rather seems resigned to a sense of impotency.
A. paralyzes
B. demoralizes
C. assuages
D. galvanizes
E. exasperates
89-4. Each new generation of students grow up (i) the world of classical physics, with its
mostly intuitive, billiard-ball causality; that is the everyday vantage from which we approach the
alien world of quantum physics, which has for this reason never lost its air of (ii) .
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. immersed in 	D. verisimilitude
B. disdainful of 	E. objectivity
C. unmoved by 	F. radicalism

22-6. Leo Tolstoy wrote many works of nonfiction and professed (i) these explorations of
ethics and religion compared with his novels and short stories. The fiction writer in him, however,
was hard to (ii) . Handi Murdd is a short novel with the breadth and power of an epic, with
vivid characterization and intense storytelling that sweep the reader away. While the reader senses
the moral concerns of the tale's creator, the novel is a far cry from the (iii) of Tolstoy's
nonfiction.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. a preference for 	D. suppress 	G. didacticism
B. an aversion to 	E. identify 	H. fluidity
C. an indifference toward 	F. incite 	I. creativity

3-10. the notion that attention is a limited resource, scientists have found lots of evidence
that drivers with cell phones drives slower and are more apt to miss important details than drivers
who drive solely on the road.
A. controverting
B. buttressing
C. questioning
D. bolstering
E. perpetuating
F. refuting
4
5-5. Wolosky claims that Ella Wheeler Wilcox joined other women poets such as Julia Ward Howe,
Frances Harper, and Charlotte Perkins Gilman in critiquing materialism and possessive
individualism. Wolosky's description (i) the poetry of Gilman, Howe, and Harper, but it is
not entirely (ii) in the case of Wilcox, who hardly (iii) the materialism of her time.
Rather, Wilcox seems to have embraced the amassing of private property.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. fits 	D. apt 	G. reflected
B. conflates 	E. puzzling 	H. countenanced
C. misinterprets 	F. uncommon 	I. impugned

6-4. Any number of mysteries to which individual scholars of Athenian history have devoted
whole careers are addressed by Ober, and mostly successfully. This will cause some (i)
among scholars who have worked for years on a particular problem only to see another scholar
suddenly (ii) it.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. chagrin 	D. prolong
B. complacency 	E. exacerbate
C.hubris 	F.resolve

85-2. Many creative photographers were delighted to find in instant photography a mode that
encouraged them to stop viewing photography as and start viewing it as something they
could handle with spontaneity, even derision.
A. sacrosanct
B. ephemeral
C. malleable
D. egalitarian
E. autonomous


1
5 月 27 日填空真题
11-3. It would be imprecise to characterize her scholarship as (i) _ : though her etymological
discussion is necessarily esoteric, there is nothing (ii) about the conclusions she derives from
it.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. derivative 	D. obscure
B. arcane 	E. controversial
C. careless 	F. innovative

28-1. Contrary to its reputation for intellectual , the 1950s was a decade exceptionally rich
in works of trenchant and far-reaching social criticism.
A. keenness
B. inclusiveness
C. complacency
D. integrity
E. productivity
29-6. When the Agriculture Department (i) its dietary guidelines, it laid down a challenge:
Eat better, smarter, and healthier or else. The “or else” included a long list of (ii) that (iii)
the developed world, from heart disease and osteoporosis to diabetes.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. make public 	D. intangibles 	G. assuage
B. debunked 	E. misconceptions 	H. plague
C. refused to consider 	F. maladies 	I. ignore

48-7. After rising continuously over the summer, commodity prices fell, leaving analyst
wondering whether the downward trend is a turning point or merely a before demand
picks up in the winter months.
A. spike
B. upsurge
C. harbinger
D. portent
E. lull
F. respite
2
27-3. Although movie critic Pauline Kael had a distaste for sycophancy, she also had a need for (i)
; as a consequence of these competing feelings, she sent very
(ii) signals to friends and colleagues.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. solitude 	D. direct
B. obeisance 	E. subtle
C. clarity 	F. mixed

114-3. Partly because of Lee's skill at synthesizing (i) trends drawn from many fields of
study, her theories appeared to present, with uncanny aptness, ideas already (ii) in the minds
of her contemporaries.
A. superseded 	D. discredited
B. irrelevant 	E. well established
C. emergent 	F. half-formulated

1-6. Many fairy tales are complex narratives of wish fulfillment. They teach the reader that a
struggle against severe difficulties in life is (i) , that it is an intrinsic part of human existence,
and that if one does not (ii) , but steadfastly meets unexpected and often unjust
hardships, one masters all obstacles and at the end (iii) .
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. atypical 	D. preserve 	G. elicits adversities
B. unavoidable 	E. improvise 	H. emerges victorious
C. insurmountable 	F. shy away 	I. evades achievements

63-1. Few studies have been published on ground-squirrel dispersal, and most of them have
involved very small sample sizes, thus most statement regarding ground-squirrel dispersal must be
considered .
A. invaluable
B. unexceptional
C. inveterate
D. routine
E. conjectural
3
14-2. History teaches us that science is not enterprise; indeed, it is quite the opposite, a
motley assortment of tools designed to safeguard researchers against their own biases.
A. an opportunistic
B. an anomalous
C. a haphazard
D. a collective
E. a monolithic
27-4. Since fibromyalgia's symptoms can be (i) and can (ii) other disorder, and its
diagnosis depends largely on patients' descriptions rather than blood tests or biopsies,
fibromyalgia's cause and treatment have been the subject of much debate.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. wide-ranging 	D. mimic
B. distinctive 	E. illuminate
C. debilitating 	F. preclude

1-8. The concert hall's suspended ceiling is two-inch-thick plaster that reflects low-frequency
sound energy; similarly, all wall surfaces are angled and shaped to sound from the stage
throughout the audience area.
A. diffuse
B. amplify
C. spread
D. dampen
E. eclipse
F. deaden
94-10. Although many skeptics of the scientific theory critiques that have long since been
disproved, some of the doubters arguably bring up valid points.
A. overlook
B. revise
C. recycle
D. utilize
E. neglect
F. rehash
15-6. The writer argues that jewelry-grade diamonds, because they are both (i) and
(ii) , prove one of two conclusions; their purchasers have so much money they can spend it
on goods that (iii) , or their purchasers are so committed to making others think they have
such wealth that they are willing to go into debt to do so.
4
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. flawless 	D. durable 	G. may appreciate in value
B. fungible 	E. useless 	H. reflect the buyers' connoisseurship
C. expensive 	F. irreplaceable 	I. serve no practical purpose

15-7. In Ramachandran's opinion, it is perfectly acceptable to propose bold speculations
about the brain, even if these speculations seem ; as Ramachandran frequently remarks,
science thrives on risky conjecture.
A. unfounded
B. premature
C. controversial
D. verifiable
E. testable
F. baseless


1
5 月 13 日填空答案
90-1.A
40-3.CE
7-4.BF
14-1.D
51-3.AD
84-4.BF
1-1.B
36-5.CEI
30-5.CEH
16-10.BE
56-7.CF
5.20 填空答案
52-9.CD
13-9.AC
35-10.BE
52-10.AB
21-5.AE
8-4.AF
32-3.BE
19-6.CEG
64-2.D
89-4.AF
22-6.ADG
3-10.BD
5-5.ADI
6-4.AF
85-2.A
5 月 27 日填空真题答案
11-3.BD
28-1.B
29-6.AFH
48-7.EF
27-3.BF
114-3.CF
1-6.BFH
63-1.E
14-2.E
27-4.AD
2
1-8.AC
94-10.CF
15-6.CEI
15-7.AF



1
6 月 7 日填空真题
25-2. The history of the region's natural resources has been one of initial (i) followed by (ii)
; as such the region has over time gone from a resource-rich to a resource-dependent
economy.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. disappointment 	D. growing interdependence
B. abundance 	E. draconian regulation
C. conservation 	F. rapacious depletion

59-3. Folmer's book on Edith Wharton seems far removed from recent trends in literary criticism;
this need not to be a fault, except that, in its title and introduction, the book
(i) to be conversant with contemporary discourse in the field, but in its actual analysis of
Wharton's work, it is marked by a very (ii) approach.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. designs 	D. old-fashioned
B. fails 	E. timely
C. purports 	F. arcane

69-4. The author paints a rather dark picture of book publishing as a hidebound industry, one that
is facing a profound change in its mode of production but is so (i) its past as to be (ii)
opportunity offered by technological changes.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. alienated from 	D. eager to exploit
B. emboldened by 	E. unable to seize
C. encumbered by 	F. forced to reconsider

52-7. Few ideas are more than the notion that cultures evolve in Darwin fashion; many
academics have begun writing about cultural evolution, but few treat the underlying Darwinian
logic with the care it deserves.
A. abused
B. archaic
C. misused
D. outdated
E. divisive
F. derivative
2
30-9. Any notion of justice in the fortunes of artists is : works of equal value and quality
produce quite different returns or no returns at all.
A. baseless
B. cliché
C. untenable
D. insulting
E. condescending
F. idealistic
64-1. Unlike some mammals-cows and sheep, for instance-that are notably , lions have a wide
range of facial expressions.
A. tractable
B. impassive
C. solitary
D. social
E. sluggish
66-1. What once seemed a quixotic vision—the “Subway to the Sea,” connecting Union Station in
downtown Los Angeles to the Pacific Ocean in Santa Monica—no longer seems quite so .
A. impracticable
B. prescient
C. lukewarm
D. viable
E. beneficial
113-5. Viewing people as ‘'social atoms'' that obey rather simple rule (which are not unlike the
laws of physics), one may discover certain (i) . Take, for example, the way channels emerge
when people move in crowds. In the midst of initially (ii) movements, one person begins to
follow another—in an effort to avoid collisions—and streams of movement emerge. As more
people join in, there is greater pull on others to join the flow, and the particular channels become
(iii) .
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. apparent contradictions 	D. inflexible 	G. self-defeating
B. unproductive tendencies 	E. straightforward 	H. self-aggrandizing
C. lawlike regulations 	F. chaotic 	I. self-perpetuating

45-6. The research on otters' environmental requirements is surprisingly (i) . One reason for
this has to do with the estimation of how much they use different areas. Doing so may be (ii)
in some kinds of terrain, such as Shetland where the Eurasian otters are active in daytime and have
3
clear individual markings. There it is possible to identify the individuals over stretches of coast of
a few kilometers and to see what kinds of coast they use. However, the field conditions are
(iii) .
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. straightforward 	D. quite problematic 	G. routine
B. controversial 	E. relatively simple 	H. deceptive
C. difficult 	F. largely unnecessary 	I. exceptional

41-8. In her career as an editor, she pruned and shaped many a writer's prose into crisp
lucidity.
A. wayward
B. transparent
C. errant
D. urbane
E. elegant
F. incisive
49-10. In American Indian art, the supposed distinction between modern and traditional was
fabricated by critics, and when artists have control over interpretation of their own work, the
distinction appear, happily, to have been .
A. eliminated
B. reinforced
C. put to rest
D. intensified
E. recognized
F. established
42-8. Some historians represent the East India Company as participant in political and
military conflict in India, only taking an interest in territorial power and revenue as a last-ditch
effort to protect its trading activities.
A. a shrewd
B. an ineffectual
C. an irregular
D. a canny
E. a reluctant
F. an unwilling
46-5. Until now, old snapshots and home movies faded and crumbled and were eventually (i) .
Only a few precious mementos were preserved and passed along. But as photography moves into
4
the digital realm, family albums and home videos see capable of (ii) : our capacity to store
them is, for all practical purposes, approaching the infinite. Is such a transformation a good thing?
The natural world teaches us that (iii) are vital to ecological health. Does a similar principle
apply to communal memory?
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. archived 	D. transmission 	G. death and decay
B. discarded 	E. immortality 	H. predator and prey
C. reproduced 	F. revolution 	I. reproduction and renewal

114-2. Consolidating memory is not instantaneous or even : every memory must be
encoded and moved from short-term to long-term storage, and some of these memories are, for
whatever reason, more vividly imprinted than others.
A. salutary
B. deliberate
C. sequential
D. momentary
E. inevitable
57-2. The paleontologist examined the problem afresh, believing that the accepted classification
the essential continuity of the specimens by making specious distinctions among them.
A. disproved
B. belied
C. conflated
D. divulged
E. relaxed
3-8. One big challenge with placebo responses is that they are : people given the same inert
pill or potion may show wildly different reactions, and the effects vary widely according to each
person's illness.
A. capricious
B. illusory
C. unpredictable
D. chimerical
E. marginal
F. ephemeral
118-8. Recent research runs counter to the long-cherished notion that a small drop in body
temperature during and after surgery is either or actually protects the patient by slowing
metabolism and reducing the body's demand for blood and oxygen.
5
A. beneficial
B. immaterial
C. inconsequential
D. preventive
E. prophylactic
F. redundant


1
6 月 15 日填空真题
52-3. It would be naïve to treat remarks made in diaries or personal letters as giving especially candid access to
historical truth or even as being expressions of the writer's true state of mind, since the (i) for exaggeration
and deception in those forms is virtually nonexistent. Diaries and letters are rarely sites for (ii) .
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. motivation 	D. premeditated manipulation
B. penalty 	E. childish theatrics
C. tendency 	F. balanced reflection

58-7. His premiership, seemingly cast-iron year ago, is now so vulnerable that even a good day at the office does no
more than buy him a few weeks of from rebels within his own party.
A. controversy
B. reproach
C. respite
D. relief
E. blame
F. deference
13-9. Despite her rather choices, Moreland was neither a rebellious spirit nor someone who saw herself as
anything out of the ordinary.
A. unconventional
B. impractical
C. quirky
D. flamboyant
E. successful
F. lucrative
57-2. The paleontologist examined the problem afresh, believing that the accepted classification the essential
continuity of the specimens by making specious distinctions among them.
A. disproved
B. belied
C. conflated
D. divulged
E. relaxed
60-2. By pointing out the self-serving nature of the governor's motives for supporting the new health care policy,
the columnist implied that the governor's idealistic-sounding explanation of her position on the issue was almost
certainty .
A. impractical
B. derivative
C. simplistic
D. disingenuous
E. ineffectual
111-6. Fifty pages of footnotes, some of them presenting quite lengthy bibliographies, suggest that very few
pertinent sources on the Black Arts movement in literature have (i) Thompson's search; (ii) , the
text makes it clear that the author's examination of these sources has been similarly (iii) .
2
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. eluded 	D. moreover 	G. valuable
B. characterized 	E. however 	H. timely
C. motivated 	F. consequently 	I. exhaustive

54-10. Readers looking for another condemnation of private equity firms should look elsewhere, this book is not
such firms.
A. a rant against
B. a diatribe on
C. an exculpation
D. a disquisition on
E. a vindication of
F. an argument about
44-4. Many of the unusual behaviors attributed to crows—such as drinking coffee or presenting gifts to people who
feed them—are based on (i) and therefore fall into the category of (ii) rather than science.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. long-term observation 	D. anecdote
B. controlled experiments 	E. speculation
C. secondhand testimony 	F. hypothesis

23-3. Any account of experimental music in the United States that (i) the predominantly African
American bebop and free jazz movements is (ii) , since this body of music constitutes what is arguably the
most influential African experimental music in the decades following the Second War War.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. neglects 	D. underappreciated
B. exaggerates 	E. problematic
C. reinterprets 	F. self-serving

92-10. Agencies responsible for protecting natural resources too often issue permits
allowing exploitation of those resources, a process that remains given that
agencies have become experts at masking their decisions in the scientific terms.
3
A. controversial
B. exacting
C. obscure
D. onerous
E. opaque
F. misleading
85-1. The chairman, faced with the need to forge a consensus on a number of proposals,
acknowledged that it would be difficult to reconcile the push for a radical overhaul with the stance
of those who want change.
A. deliberate
B. indiscriminate
C. genuine
D. immediate
E. wholesale
61-1. Politicians who invoke the founders of the United States in support of their views seem to
imply that the founders consistently concurred in their own views when in reality they were a
highly group of thinkers.
A. erudite
B. innovative
C. predictable
D. contentious
E. methodical
11-7. In establishing that the dust she had observed constitutes two percent of the mass in the
quadrant, the astronomer showed that the dust's extreme visual prominence its relatively
minor contribution to the total mass of the region.
A. belies
B. masks
C. highlights
D. nullifies
E. disproves
F. accentuates
4
12-3. The (i) of molecular oxygen on Earth-sized planets around other stars in the universe
would not be (ii) sign of life: molecular oxygen can be a signature of photosynthesis (a biotic
process) or merely of the rapid escape of water from the upper reaches of a planetary atmosphere
(an abiotic process).
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. dearth 	D. a controversial
B. presumption 	E. an unambiguous
C. detection 	F. a possible

16-2. The pupil had a reputation for obduracy, but the teacher found her to be, on the contrary,
quite .
A. zealous
B. astute
C. tractable
D. efficient
E. amusing


1
6-23
5-4. Although trains may use energy more (i)_____ than do automobiles, the latter
move only when they contain at least one occupant, whereas railway carriages spend a
considerable amount of time running up and down the tracks (ii)_____, or nearly so.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. lavishly 	D. vacant
B. efficiently 	E. unimpeded
C. routinely 	F. overlooked

9-5. Just because, as a photographer, Friedlander (i)_____ places that most people
consider ugly does not mean that he is out to prove they are beautiful. Instead, his
work suggests that the photographer simply cannot ignore so much of the built
American landscape but is obligated to (ii)_____ what we pass through day in and day
out, regardless of (iii)_____.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. tends to avoid 	D. document 	G. authenticity
B. is harshly critical of 	E. emulate 	H. truthfulness
C. is interested in 	F. discredit 	I. aesthetics

10-4. While acknowledging behaviors the Prime Minster took in order to remain in
office were (i)_____, some politicians nevertheless believed this small amount of
(ii)_____ was justified to keep reforming government in office.
20-4. She was never (i) ; she was nothing if not discreet, so she (ii) for the present to
declare her passion.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. unethical 	D. skullduggery
B. impractical 	E. indolence
C. quixotic 	F. incivility

Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. precipitate 	D. pretended
B. tactful 	E. decided
C. thoughtful 	F. forbore


2
42-10. Scientists are investigating odors so faint that people cannot _____ them in
order to see whether such odors can nevertheless change the way people interact.
A. tolerate
B. endure
C. avoid
D. dispel
E. detect
F. discern
51-5. Although political events in different countries were not (i)_____ in the nineteen
century, their interrelationship was (ii)_____ compared with the present, when
interdependence has become far greater: (iii)_____ has ceased to be an option.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. unconnected 	D. conditional 	G. isolationism
B. trivial 	E. superficial 	H. resilience
C. simultaneous 	F. transparent 	I. idealism

90-9. The baseball players performance during last nights game was impressive,
although not _____; others have performed similar feats.
A. decisive
B. unexampled
C. significant
D. novel
E. outstanding
F. spectacular
100-2. The assumption that children learn about science primarily in the classroom is so _____
that few scientists, educators or policymakers question it, despite an ever-growing body of
evidence demonstrating that most science is learnt outside of school.
A. tenuous
B. subtle
C. irrefutable
D. pervasive
E. misconstrued
108-1. Instead of demonstrating the ______ of archaeological applications of
electronic remote sensing, the pioneering study became, to some skeptics, an
illustration of the imprudence of interpreting sites based on virtual archaeology.
A. ubiquity
B. limitation
C. promise
3
D. redundancy
E. complexity
118-8. Recent research runs counter to the long-cherished notion that a small drop in body
temperature during and after surgery is either _____ or actually protects the patient by slowing
metabolism and reducing the body’s demand for blood and oxygen.
A. beneficial
B. immaterial
C. inconsequential
D. preventive
E. prophylactic
F. redundant


1
GRE 填空真题 6.29
12-7. Changes made to ecosystem in order to achieve a goal, such as food production
or flood control, often ____significant unforeseen trade-offs between other important
products and service the ecosystems provide.
A. predict
B. delay
C. foretell
D. obscure
E. yield
F. engender
20-2. The company suffers from an almost total lack of _____: even the most
innocuous communications between departments lend to devolve into acrimony.
A. dissension
B. variance
C. comity
D. conformity
E. mordancy
21-5. In medieval Europe, watermills were more (i) ____than windmills. It is true that
windmills could be built virtually anywhere, whereas watermills (ii) ____. However,
watermills' greater capacity and reliability provided a better (iii) ____the money
required to build the mill.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) Blank(iii) 	Blank(iii)
A. problematic 	D. were suitable only for certain locations 	G. source of
B. profitable 	E. inspired a variety of new technologies 	H. adjunct to
C. versatile 	F. required a good deal of upkeep 	I. return on

24-7. Although legislators on both sides of issues have repeatedly ____ a desire to
find a middle ground, until now no acceptable compromise has been achieved.
A. discussed
B. proclaimed
C. professed
D. rejected
E. disowned
F. betrayed
25-10. Scientists should hope the faults in their theories will be _____ their peers
since the refutation of one hypothesis can free its originator to develop a better one.
A. discerned by
B. disregarded by
C. discovered by
D. ignored by
2
E. opaque to
F. inspiring to
29-4. Despite the abundance and importance of maize, its biological origin has been a
long-running mystery. The bright yellow, mouth-watering treat does not grow in the
wild anywhere on the planet, so its (i) ____is not at all (ii) ____.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. utility 	D. helpful
B. popularity 	E. important
C. ancestry 	F. obvious

34-9. Some kinds of deadly bacteria, including those that cause tetanus, tuberculosis,
and botulism, remain _____ until something triggers their insidious activity.
A. harmless
B. innocuous
C. anomalous
D. aberrant
E. efficacious
F. undetectable
36-4. If newspaper consumers are concerned about more than (i)____and prefer to
read news that is consistent with their beliefs, then (ii)____is not a journalistic flaw,
but, rather, a cultivated feature. In a competitive news market, producers can use slant
to differentiate their products and stave off price competition.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. politics 	D. bias
B. accuracy 	E. sensationalism
C. expense 	F. inconsistency

40-5. The Golden Gates Bridge has been quite (i)_____ by most aesthetic and
functional criteria. However, as a structure it has had some limitations. Shortly after it
opened, its roadway proved to be (ii)_____ under certain wind conditions, so it was
stiffened. The additional steel that provided that stiffening naturally added weight to
the structure, and this made it (iii)_____ later to add a proposed rail system beneath
the roadway.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. inadequate 	D. quite noisy 	G. unnecessary
B. unusual 	E. overly flexible 	H. impossible
C. successful 	F. dangerously windswept 	I. feasible

40-8. The actor's part in the film turned out to be : he had only one line, and by the
time the film appeared in theaters, even that line had been removed.
A. misunderstood
B. mandatory
3
C. intriguing
D. fascinating
E. trivial
F. inessential
49-7. Despite the general _____of Roman archaeological studies toward the major
cities and their monuments, archaeology has contributed much to a better
understanding of rural developments in Roman territory.
A. openness
B. indifference
C. hostility
D. animus
E. bias
F. orientation
57-6. The slow pace of job creation was without precedent for the period of recovery
from a recession, but the conditions that conspired to cause the recession were also
(i)____. The stock market declined sharply, and rampant business investment slumped.
Then an ensuing spate of scandals (ii)____public trust in the way companies were run.
And yet, despite these powerful (iii)____to growth, the recession proved surprisingly
mild.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. heartening 	D. weakened 	G. counterforces
B. atypical 	E. illuminated 	H. stimulants
C. ambiguous 	F. consolidated 	I. concomitants

58-1. Though many avant-garde writers____traditional distinctions among literary
categories, combining elements of biography and fiction, prose and poetry, this fusion
of forms has been slow to catch on with publishers.
A. flout
B. presuppose
C. exploit
D. imitate
E. illuminate
59-3. Folmer’s book on Edith Wharton seems far removed from recent trends in
literary criticism; this need not to be a fault, except that, in its title and introduction,
the book (i)_____ to be conversant with contemporary discourse in the field, but in its
actual analysis of Wharton’s work, it is marked by a very (ii)_____ approach.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. designs 	D. old-fashioned
B. fails 	E. timely
C. purports 	F. arcane


4
59-9. The author engages this issue from diverse perspectives, supports his arguments
with many examples, and manages to avoid antagonizing others in dealing with a
very ____ subject.
A. contentious
B. pedestrian
C. controversial
D. perplexing
E. mundane
F. intriguing
65-6. China's rapidly growing population is the main threat facing large carnivores in
the People's Republic. Increasingly, policies aimed at limiting population growth have
been (i) ____; nevertheless, the country's vast size and the isolation of many of its
regions mean that human populations in areas where large carnivores still occur (ii)
____. This human pressure has (iii) ____the South China tiger.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. modified 	D. could start to decline 	G. celebrated
B. deemphasized 	E. can grow unchecked 	H. doomed
C. implemented 	F. have stabilized 	I. bypassed

70-2. To criticize a disaster film for being ______is a bit silly, since people do not go
to disaster movies to see an honest portrayed of reality.
A. expensive
B. harrowing
C. derivative
D. convoluted
E. implausible
77-8. Flash floods are common in desert regions and were widespread before the
evolution of trees and woodland soils; in contrast, flash floods are ______ in
woodlands, where floodwaters, impeded by trees, form ponds.
A. overshadowed
B. redirected
C. obscured
D. precluded
E. mitigated
F. abated
77-9. A formal floods resulting from usual monsoon rainfall are _____ the growth of
crops, recently there has been an increase in the frequency of high-intensity floods
that do not have such welcome effects.
A. conducive to
B. hindered by
C. devastating for
5
D. deleterious for
E. essential for
F. indispensable to
78-2. It is often argued that psychoanalysis, which was ____ at that stage of the
eighteenth century, provided the main filter by which death could be looked at, but it
has now been largely replaced by medicine, which provides both a mindset and
practical measures by which death may be cheated, and in terminal illness,
approached, formulating a process called medicalization.
A. predominant
B. pompous
C. precarious
D. elegant
E. mundane
78-3. Reviews written by music critic and composer Stephenson were hardly (i) ____ :
musicians who performed his music could count on sympathetic coverage, while
those who ignored him were held to (ii) ____ standards.
Blank(i) 	Blank(i) Blank(ii)
A. disinterested 	D. exacting
B. lucid 	E. minimal
C. conventional 	F. accepted

84-3. Britain’s Queen Victoria, however (i)_____ she had been at the beginning of her
reign, was politically much more (ii)_____ by the end of her time on the throne, as
she resigned herself to the emergence of an increasing powerful electorate that
prevented her from stubbornly insisting on getting her own way in matters of state.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. naïve 	D. powerful
B. personable 	E. arbitrary
C. obdurate 	F. malleable

91-6. Conventionally, the ultimate measure of a scientific work's validity is how
broadly and confidently its conclusions become accepted in the relevant field, which
in turn (i)____the extent to which its findings are replicated and extended. However,
establishing such validity, especially for a novel experimental finding, can take years,
and what (ii)____replication or extension may be (iii) ____for some time.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. derives from 	D. justifies 	G. evident
B. works against 	E. impugns 	H. disputed
C. leads to 	F. constitutes 	I. touted

92-1. The threat of litigation makes the art authentication industry_____realm:
connoisseurs refuse to communicate in writing and confidential agreements bind
6
authenticators to silence.
A. an opportunistic
B. a clandestine
C. a moralizing
D. a xenophobic
E. an anarchistic
95-10. Even before she went to art school, Veronica found the standard design
categories ____: she didn't understand why designing buildings and designing tables
should require different sensibilities.
A. provocative
B. limiting
C. stimulating
D. confusing
E. confining
F. exhilarating
98-8. To call Kermode the finest English critic of his generation would be a
____compliment, since not many of its population are professionally engaged in
literary criticism.
A. sincere
B. backhanded
C. paltry
D. heartfelt
E. meager
F. plausible


1
6 月 23 日填空答案
5-4.BD
9-5.CDI
10-4.AD
20-4.AF
42-10.EF
51-5.AEG
90-9.BD
100-2.C
108-1.B
118-8.BC
6 月 7 日 填空答案
25-2.BF
59-3.CD
69-4.CE
52-7.AC
30-9.AC
64-1.B
66-1.A
113-5.CFI
45-6.CEG
41-8.AC
49-10.AC
42-8.EF
46-5.BEG
114-2.E
57-2.B
3-8.AC
118-8.BC
6.15 填空答案
52-3.BF
58-7.CD
13-9.AC
57-2.B
60-2.D
111-6.ADI
54-10.AB
44-4.CD
23-3.AE
92-10.CE
85-1.A
2
61-1.D
11-7.AB
12-3.CE
16-2.C
6.29 填空答案
12-7.EF
20-2.C
21-5.AE
24-7.BC
25-10.AC
29-4.CF
34-9.AB
36-4.BD
40-5.CEH
40-8.EF
49-7.EF
57-6.BDG
58-1.A
59-3.CD
59-9.AC
65-6.CEH
70-2.E
77-8.EF
77-9.EF
78-2.A
78-3.AD
84-3.CF
91-6.AFH
92-1.B
95-10.BE
98-8.CE



1
GRE 填空真题 7.5
2-8. Space is often referred to as the final frontier, as the only realm of which
humankind has still to gain substantial understanding, yet the ocean realm is another
vast area about which our knowledge is______.
A. erroneous
B. confusing
C. frustrating
D. rudimentary
E. delusive
F. sketchy
5-5. Wolosky claims that Ella Wheeler Wilcox joined other women poets such as Julia
Ward Howe, Frances Harper, and Charlotte Perkins Gilman in critiquing materialism
and possessive individualism. Wolosky's description (i)____the poetry of Gilman,
Howe, and Harper, but it is not entirely (ii)____in the case of Wilcox, who hardly
(iii)____the materialism of her time. Rather, Wilcox seems to have embraced the
amassing of private property.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. fits 	D. apt 	G. reflected
B. conflates 	E. puzzling 	H. countenanced
C. misinterprets 	F. uncommon 	I. impugned

5-7. In matters of taste, the art patron and collector Peggy Guggenheim was _____:
she was for the strangest, the most surprising, the most satisfying, the best, the unique.
A. a neophyte
B. a novice
C. a realist
D. an extremist
E. a pragmatist
F. a zealot
9-5. Just because, as a photographer, Friedlander (i)_____ places that most people
consider ugly does not mean that he is out to prove they are beautiful. Instead, his
work suggests that the photographer simply cannot ignore so much of the built
American landscape but is obligated to (ii)_____ what we pass through day in and day
out, regardless of (iii)_____.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. tends to avoid 	D. document 	G. authenticity
B. is harshly critical of 	E. emulate 	H. truthfulness
C. is interested in 	F. discredit 	I. aesthetics

11-3. It would be imprecise to characterize her scholarship as (i)_ ___: though her
etymological discussion is necessarily esoteric, there is nothing (ii)__ __about the
2
conclusions she derives from it.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. derivative 	D. obscure
B. arcane 	E. controversial
C. careless 	F. innovative

12-10. The professor’s habitual air of _____ was misleading front, concealing
amazing reserves of patience and a deep commitment to his students’ learning.
A. cordiality
B. irascibility
C. disorganization
D. conviviality
E. diffidence
F. exasperation
14-6. Gravitational waves—ripples in the geometry of space-time—are analogous to
electromagnetic waves. The challenge in trying to observe these waves directly is that
they are extremely weak. To make waves large enough to be (i)_____, the most
(ii)_____ events in the universe are required: supernova explosions, the formation of
black holes, or the collision of stars. Even so, the effects are (iii)_____. The geometry
changes so little that a distance of several kilometers changes by less than the
diameter of a proton.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. detectable 	D. obvious 	G. masked
B. usable 	E. subtle 	H. disastrous
C. explicable 	F. violent 	I. minuscule

22-8. The company is so old-fashioned and opposed to innovation that it can seem
downright____.
A. antediluvian
B. flighty
C. archaic
D. chauvinistic
E. capricious
F. patronizing
35-6. Most capuchin monkey conflict involves such a (i)____repertoire of gestural
and vocal signals that it is difficult for researchers to tease apart the meanings of the
individual signals. This (ii)____is (iii)____by the fact that many signals seem to shift
in meaning according to the context in which they are produced and the
developmental stage of the individuals producing them.

Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. precise 	D. problem 	G. augmented
B. rich 	E. opportunity 	H. ameliorated
C. straightforward 	F. oversight 	I. anticipated

36-3. Reviews written by music critic and composer Stephenson were hardly (i) ____ :
musicians who performed his music could count on sympathetic coverage, while
those who ignored him were held to (ii) ____ standards.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. disinterested 	D. exacting
B. lucid 	E. minimal
C. conventional 	F. accepted

37-6. With the emergence of scientific history-writing in the late nineteenth century,
several authors sought to ignore the glowing myths surrounding George Washington
and uncover the human being within, but their biographies were still (i)____enough
that Washington remained a marbled and remote figure. Indeed, by the 1920s
Washington has become such (ii)____personage that inevitably someone had to go to
the other extreme and try to (iii)____the legend.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. ponderous 	D. a deified 	G. debunk
B. empirical 	E. an ignored 	H. aggrandize
C. laudatory 	F. a misunderstood 	I. reproduce

40-2. While the current coffee craze was sparked by the emergence of flavorful,
high-quality gourmet varieties, a slew of studies suggesting that concerns about
coffee’s health effects may be _____ has nurtured the trend.
A. underemphasized
B. exacerbated
C. unfounded
D. documented
E. recapitulated
43-3. Proponents of international regulation of environmental issues have always
struggled against scientific uncertainty and economic hostility, two obstacles which,
form a political standpoint, often have been closely related, as economic hostility
toward environmental regulation for economic reasons have (i)____the considerable
uncertainty underlying most environmental challenges to (ii)_____of environmental
regulation.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. resolved 	D. exaggerate the efficacy
B. gainsaid 	E. downplay the legitimacy
C. exploited 	F. question the fallibility

58-4. The book is not comprehensive but is, instead, (i)_B___in the most positive
sense:(ii)___E_rather than settles.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. definitive 	D. stipulates
B. provocative 	E. suggests
C. timely 	F. disseminates

62-8. Flawed as it may be because it is conducted by subjective scientists, science
itself has methods that help us _____ our biases and talk about objective reality with
some validity.
A. bypass
B. reduce
C. exacerbate
D. magnify
E. acknowledge
F. circumvent
93-2. The idea of a “language instinct” may seem ____to those who think of language
as the zenith of the human intellect and of instincts as brute impulses.
A. jarring
B. plausible
C. gratifying
D. inevitable
E. conciliatory
108-10. In sharp contrast to the novel's scenic realism and precise characterized figure
is its persistent philosophical_________.
A. naturalism
B. abstraction
C. generality
D. impartiality
E. sincerity
F. objectivity
109-6. The notion of film producers as the ogres of the movie business has proved an
(i)_______one, but according to The Producers by Tim Adler, it is not always
grounded in reality. Attacking what he calls the “auteur myth”—the idea of the
director as the single purveyor of art in an industry otherwise peopled with
(ii)_______—he places at the heart of his book an image of the producer, not the
director, as the primary (iii)_______ force in the development and production of a
movie.
5
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. accurate 	D. visionaries 	G. financial
B. hypocritic 	E. profitmongers 	H. inertial
C. enduring 	F. innocents 	I. creative

110-9. Even though the original settlement may not hold up, it at least proves that the
deadlock can be broken and that a hitherto ______ party is ready to bargain.
A. implacable
B. unyielding
C. impeccable
D. flawless
E. unqualified
F. capricious
114-2. Consolidating memory is not instantaneous or even _____: every memory
must be encoded and moved from short-term to long-term storage, and some of these
memories are, for whatever reason, more vividly imprinted than others.
A. salutary
B. deliberate
C. sequential
D. momentary
E. inevitable


GRE 填空真题 7-15
7-4. People frequently attempt to relieve their workplace frustrations via surreptitious
comments around the water cooler but would be better able to resolve their
resentment if they were less (i) ____about their problem and imitated a more (ii)
____dialogue.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. vexatious 	D. equitable
B. clandestine 	E. sincere
C. opportunistic 	F. open

11-6. Galaxy Zoo set a standard for citizen-scientist participation project. Zealous
volunteers (i)_____ the project’s organizers by classifying an entire catalog of
galaxies years ahead of schedule. (ii)_____ by the (iii)_____ of the volunteers, Galaxy
Zoo team was inspired to pursue lines of research they had never even imagined.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. beguiled 	D. baffled 	G. insouciance
B. forestalled 	E. buoyed 	H. stoicism
C. astonished 	F. embarrassed 	I. alacrity

12-10. The professor's habitual air of ____ was misleading front, concealing amazing
reserves of patience and a deep commitment to his students' learning.
A. cordiality
B. irascibility
C. disorganization
D. conviviality
E. diffidence
F. exasperation
19-1. The Labrador duck is one of the most ____extinct birds, although there are a
fair number of specimens, few have yielded reliable data and little is known about the
species' breeding patterns.
A. anomalous
B. controversial
C. enigmatic
D. misrepresented
E. cherished
20-4. She was never (i) ____; she was nothing if not discreet, so she (ii) ____for the
present to declare her passion.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. precipitate 	D. pretended
B. tactful 	E. decided
C. thoughtful 	F. forbore

21-3. What they see in Tanaka is the one candidate capable of (i)_____ leadership, in
direct contrast to Williamson , whose term in office has been marred by (ii)_____.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. compassionate 	D. grandstanding
B. decisive 	E. partisanship
C. nepotistic 	F. vacillation

26-9. Her apparent _____ her background and ancestry seems unconceivable in an
age when people tend to think of themselves to exhaustion.
A. rejection of
B. deference to
C. unfamiliarity with
D. dishonesty with
E. ignorance of
F. fixation on
27-3. Although movie critic Pauline Kael had a distaste for sycophancy, she also had a need for (i)_____; as a consequence of these competing feelings, she sent very
(ii)_____ signals to friends and colleagues.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii)
A. solitude 	D. direct
B. obeisance 	E. subtle
C. clarity 	F. mixed

29-10. For parents, the pleasure of letting children choose which book to read aloud
together is not always _____: I well remembered my inner groans when my child
would constantly pick my least favorite book from the shelf.
A. intangible
B. enduring
C. impalpable
D. unalloyed
E. ephemeral
F. unqualified
34-6. Despite the occasional (i)____of their venues, the culture of corporate
conferences is a deeply (ii)____conference, each day consisted of nearly nine hours of
continuous lectures and panels enlivened by pleasantries or anything that could be
construed as a joke. The only (iii) ____sensory deprivation of the sessions came from
the handsome color slides favored by the corporate presenters.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. seclusion 	D. sycophantic 	G. allusion to
B. opulence 	E. ascetic 	H. ramification of
C. enormity 	F. mercenary 	I. respite from

34-7. Historically, the depletion of soil's nitrogen has been one of the most ____
problems faced by farmers: an essential nutrient, nitrogen is quickly leached from soil,
and farmers have struggled to find ways to replenish it.
A. capricious
B. ubiquitous
C. worrisome
D. stubborn
E. intractable
F. unpredictable
37-5. Pioneering medical research scientists' (i)____claims regarding the (ii)____new
researches make the public wonder their own doctors are not dispensing miracles.
There are forces, both external and internal, on scientists that most require them to
(iii)____. Without money, there is no science. Researchers must constantly convince
administrators who control tax dollars, investors, and individual donors that the work
they are doing will make a difference.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. modest 	D. serious constraints on 	G. improvise
B. inflated 	E.overblown interpretations of 	H. oversell
C. fastidious 	F. potential benefits of 	I. generalize

48-7. After rising continuously over the summer, commodity prices fell, leaving
analyst wondering whether the downward trend is a turning point or merely a _____
before demand picks up in the winter months.
A. spike
B. upsurge
C. harbinger
D. portent
E. lull
F. respite
56-6. Traditional Vietnamese culture has long promoted the idea of gender equality.
Founding myths (i)____the equal division of labor in child care for mothers and
fathers. As is often the case, however, theoretical commitments are (ii)____actual
processes. In reality, gender-based(iii)____persists.
Blank(i) 	Blank(ii) 	Blank(iii)
A. obscure 	D. incommensurate with 	G. parity
B. celebrate 	E. surpassed by 	H. inclusiveness
C. countermand 	F. inspired by 	I. stratification

68-9. He was a man of few words, _____ around all but his closest friends.
A. laconic
B. garrulous
C. ascetic
D. taciturn
E. tempestuous
F. ambiguous
78-1. By deliberately dripping paint on their canvases, expressionists affirmed that
paint is not _____ entity, something merely to be moved where the artist please, but
rather a material possessing a fluid energy that the painter attempts to control.
A. an immutable
B. an expressive
C. a vital
D. a passive
E. a kinetic
88-10. Although one can adduce myriad of examples of ecosystem disruption by
nonindigenous species, nevertheless most introduced species that survive in fact
appear to have quite _____ effects on the ecosystem they have invaded.
A. minimal
B. trifling
C. marked
D. conspicuous
E. intriguing
F. deleterious
111-7. The town's air was consistently ______: depending on the breeze, one might be
greeted with the sour effluvia of twenty breweries, choking fumes from the coal
factory, or brackish smells from the nearby river.
A. malodorous
B. toxic
C. redolent
D. benign
E. noisome
F. anodyne


7 月 5 日填空答案
2-8.DF
5-5.ADI
5-7.DF
9-5.CDI
11-3.BD
12-10.BF
14-6.AFI
22-8.AC
35-6.BDG
36-3.AD
37-6.CDG
40-2.C
43-3.CE
58-4.BE
62-8.AF
93-2.A
108-10.BC
109-6.CEI
110-9.AB
114-2.E
7.15 填空答案
7-4.BF
11-6.CEI
12-10.BF
19-1.C
20-4.AF
21-3.BF
26-9.CE
27-3.BF
29-10.DF
34-6.BEI
34-7.DE
37-5.BFH
48-7.EF
56-6.BDI
68-9.AD
78-1.D
88-10.CE
111-7.AE


